[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So the other way we
could have done this is not
keep track of the newTodo state.
And we could have just got
the reference from the input.
So if you were,
>> Scott: Here and
so what you can do is you can
actually just use the ref property or
the ref attribute or
no ref property, yeah, ref property.
And we can say ref and
this is gonna be a function that takes
in like the given node and what we want
to do is just say this.input = node.
So now we have this.input = node.
And then on click,
instead of getting this state right here,
instead of keeping track of the state,
what we can do is we can just say
this.input cuz we set it right here,
this.input
>> Scott: .value.
So we'll go ahead and get the value from,
this is a native DOM right here.
So when this renders, it's gonna
set up a reference to the native
counterpart of this input and
give us access to it in our JavaScript.
So that's how we can get a .value
property of it cuz it's gonna be native.
And then we just need to make sure
we take off, there's a value thing,
otherwise it will freakout and
we also don't need the onChange.
>> Scott: So now we just have a reference,
that we're always just going to
update it and then what we would do
now is we still update the todos.
And we'll just say this.input.value
equals an empty string.
>> Scott: So let's check this out.
>> Scott: And it works the same way.
>> Scott: There's another way you can set
it up using the two way data binding on
a form but I almost never use it.
I only probably ever use
these two approaches.
Any question on this stuff?
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: You don't have to
walk me through it, but how will
you set it up to be able to click on that
todo item, and delete it from the array?
>> Scott: Yeah, so
if you want to click on this todo item and
delete it from the array,
I mean we can do a right-click.
You just say handleClick,
oops, I'm sorry, onClick and
we'll just say this.removeToDo.bind(this).
>> Scott: And actually what we need to
do is we need to get a reference to
this, todo.
All right, we gonna put this on
another line cuz it's gonna get crazy.
Let's just, it's already getting crazy.
>> Scott: So we'll grab this here,
and we'll put this here.
And we need to,
>> Scott: Return some stuff, here we go.
>> Scott: Yeah, so
the way you would do that.
Get rid of that.
Would be wait, why is this freaking out?
Bracket, bracket, bracket.
>> Scott: I know, hold on,
we'll just do an implicit return here.
>> Scott: There we go.
>> Scott: Why is it still freaking out?
The syntax.
We'll get to that.
So we'll just say
this.removeTodo.bind(this), but
we need a reference to the actual todo.
>> Speaker 2: You need another
parenthesis at the bottom.
The map.
>> Scott: Where?
>> Speaker 2: Line 36.
>> Scott: 36, okay, here we go.
Thanks, great, okay, cool.
So now what we would do is we need
a reference to the actual todo.
So we'll just do an anonymous
functionary here onClick and
we'll say this.call pass in this and
then the actual todo.
There or actually what we need is
the index of that todo to remove it.
So we'll say index
>> Scott: And then i.
>> Speaker 3: Call, two l's.
>> Scott: Thank you.
So they will pass in the index here.
And then now what we'll do is we'll
make a new method called removeTodo.
>> Scott: removeTodo,
that grabs the index, and
then we'll just say const
todos = this.state.todos.
And then we just want to
splice that out or
.slice(0) up to index.
Index, so whatever that is.
And then we'd also wanna get
this.state.todos.slice, (i + 1).
So everything before the index,
and after the index.
>> Speaker 4: 1 there, that should be i.
1 should be i.
>> Scott: Thank you.
>> Scott: And then we'll say this.setState
>> Scott: ((todos)),
so let's check that out and
see what happens.
>> Speaker 5: Why are you calling call
instead of just calling function?
>> Scott: Cuz it has to bind it.
>> Speaker 5: To bind it [CROSSTALK].
>> Scott: Yeah, there's a auto abiding
thing going on with React and I don't have
stage zero for Babel enabled to do the
property initializers and stuff like that.
So if you make a new todo and
we click on it, it gets rid of it.
Yeah, but this thing's still
hanging around in the DOM,
cuz we don't have the key property and
stuff.
Cool, any other questions?
Yes?
>> Speaker 6: Couple questions from
the audience.
Xavier L.
Why always explicate
repeating the bind this part.
>> Scott: That's because
when you use the ES6 class syntax
with the react components,
react takes care of auto-binding
the methods to the correct context.
By using the class
syntax it breaks that so
you actually have to call
bind when we wanna use it.
But if you don't want to call bind every
single time you use it, the way to get
around it without installing a new plugin
for Babel is inside your constructor.
What you would do is you would say,
for instance,
if we wanted to go ahead and
set a binding for handleChange,
we can say this.handleChange =
this.handleChange.bind(this).
>> Scott: And then now when we
use handleChange in the template,
we don't have to call bind every single
time, because we did in our constructor.
But if you set up stage zero, Babel,
what you can do is instead
is a little hack I guess.
You can just use arrow functions.
So you can handleChange equals
an arrow function here,
which will keep the syntax of the class,
so this will work, too.
And then you don't even
have to do this anymore.
And you don't have to call
.bind down here either.
You could just use the arrow
function right on the class itself.
>> Speaker 6: Next
question from Charles M.
It's a long one,
maybe you wanna read that.
>> Scott: Do you tend to use
refs more often for form data or
would you pin each input
into a piece of state?
I've also seen some people reference
a target children zero but
maybe because you don't have to remember
the index for this and that input.
Me typically, I almost never use refs.
I just for forms, I just put in the state.
That's like literally only time
I ever have a local state.
Most of the time I store everything in my
state management whether it's Redux or
whatever, RXJS.
And forms like the S case,
where I'm like, okay,
Micropoint is going to have local
state and I'll keep track of it there.
That way I can do things
with the state and
not have to refer to the ref every
single time I want to do something,
I just want to keep track of the state and
not the actual element.
>> Scott: Okay, another question,
on some web projects I get to bind almost
every method in the class, is that right?
Yes, if you want to use the method in your
template and the render function, yes,
you'll have to bind.
But again, the ways you could do it is,
you can do this, so
you don't have to bind every time.
Or you can literally just download
Babel preset stage zero and
add it to your Babel RC,
add stage zero in here to your preset and
then you don't have to do that,
you can just use arrow functions.
>> Scott: Cool,
any other questions on that?
I pushed up the solution for
this too, if you want it?
It's on the, what branch is it on?
All right, it's on todo-solution
branch of that same starter repose.
So you can pull that down, if you want
because now we're going to take that and
actually convert that to React Native.
So if you haven't finished it or
if you just wait and it's there,
you can pull it down.
>> Scott: Great.
So now let's get back to our slides here.
Any other question before
we get back to the slides?
>> Scott: No, all right.
So everybody knows Reacts like pro,
pro-React, right?
That was all to it pretty much.
I mean it is actually pretty simple.
Believe it or not like that's most of it.
There is some other stuff like lifecycle
hooks and other things you can do in JSX,
but it's really just
JavaScript with some methods.
That's really cool.
It's pretty simple.